app/views/admin/help/kramdown.html.md, before:

kramdown
========

Most text entered into the Bedlam Admin site will be rendered using kramdown.

kramdown is an increadibly powerful, yet very natrual markup language.

More details about kramdown can be found [here](http://kramdown.rubyforge.org/syntax.html#links-and-images).

You can view this file in raw kramdown format [here](kramdown.txt)

---------------------------------------------------------

Paragraphs
----------

Starting a new paragraph is easy. Simply create two newlines.

    This is some text.

    This is a new paragraph.

However, one of the few oddities of kramdown is that a single newline will not have any effect.

Fear not! You can force kramdown to create a newline by putting two spaces before the newline:

    This is some text.  
    This is on a newline.

---------------------------------------------------------

Links
-----

kramdown supports two style of links: *inline* and *reference*.  
Details about reference links can be found on the [kramdown website](http://kramdown.rubyforge.org/syntax.html#links-and-images)

Inline links can be created as follows:

    [This](http://xtspro.com/+/eutc/) is EUTC's XTSPro page.

If you're referring to a page that is on the Bedlam Website, you can use
relative paths:

    See the [About](/about/) page for details.

---------------------------------------------------------

Images
------

Images are very similar to links, simply use:

    ![Image description](/attachments/myimage)

See the section below on styles for resizing images.

Captioned Images
----------------

N.B - This is a custom extension that does not exist in normal kramdown.
{:.alert}

Captioned images can be created as follows:

    {::captioned_image .float-left}
    ![Image Description](/attachments/myimage)

    This is a caption
    {:/captioned_image}

---------------------------------------------------------

Headers
-------

Headers can be created by 'underlining' the text with dashes or equals signs.

    This is a major header
    ======================

    This is a minor header
    ----------------------

Styles
------

You can apply styles using Inline Attribute Lists.

    My paragraph to be centered.
    {:.center}

    ![Img](/my/image/to/float){:.float-right}

The following styles have been provided for use:

| `{:.center}`      | Centrally aligns content
| `{:.float-right}` | Causes the content to "float" to the right hand side, allowing other text to wrap around it.
| `{:.float-left}`  | Causes the content to "float" to the left hand side, allowing other text to wrap around it.
| `{:.zoomable)`    | For use on images. Allows the user to click on the image to make it larger. (Note that this will not work in the kramdown preview.)

You can also use your own styles:

    Style It!
    {:style="color: red;"}

The style attribute can be any valid CSS. This is particularly useful with
images:

    ![My Image](/attachments/my_image){:style="width: 100px;"}
    ![My Image](/attachments/my_tall_image){:style="height: 100px;"}

Commit message:

fix long running spulling urrs on kramdown help page

app/views/admin/help/kramdown.html.md, after:

kramdown
========

Most text entered into the Bedlam Admin site will be rendered using kramdown. So if you want to do exciting things like formatting text, adding links or creating tables (Wow! Exciting) then this is the page for you.

kramdown is an incredibly powerful, yet very natural markup language. 

More details about kramdown can be found [here](http://kramdown.rubyforge.org/syntax.html#links-and-images).

You can view this file in raw kramdown format [here](kramdown.txt)

---------------------------------------------------------

Paragraphs
----------

Starting a new paragraph is easy. Simply create two newlines.

    This is some text.

    This is a new paragraph.

However, one of the few oddities of kramdown is that a single newline will not have any effect.

Fear not! You can force kramdown to create a newline by putting two spaces before the newline:

    This is some text.  
    This is on a newline.

---------------------------------------------------------

Links
-----

kramdown supports two style of links: *inline* and *reference*.  
Details about reference links can be found on the [kramdown website](http://kramdown.rubyforge.org/syntax.html#links-and-images)

Inline links can be created as follows:

    [This](http://xtspro.com/+/eutc/) is EUTC's XTSPro page.

If you're referring to a page that is on the Bedlam Website, you can use
relative paths:

    See the [About](/about/) page for details.

---------------------------------------------------------

Images
------

Images are very similar to links, simply use:

    ![Image description](/attachments/myimage)

See the section below on styles for resizing images.

Captioned Images
----------------

N.B - This is a custom extension that does not exist in normal kramdown.
{:.alert}

Captioned images can be created as follows:

    {::captioned_image .float-left}
    ![Image Description](/attachments/myimage)

    This is a caption
    {:/captioned_image}

---------------------------------------------------------

Headers
-------

Headers can be created by 'underlining' the text with dashes or equals signs.

    This is a major header
    ======================

    This is a minor header
    ----------------------

Styles
------

You can apply styles using Inline Attribute Lists.

    My paragraph to be centered.
    {:.center}

    ![Img](/my/image/to/float){:.float-right}

The following styles have been provided for use:

| `{:.center}`      | Centrally aligns content
| `{:.float-right}` | Causes the content to "float" to the right hand side, allowing other text to wrap around it.
| `{:.float-left}`  | Causes the content to "float" to the left hand side, allowing other text to wrap around it.
| `{:.zoomable)`    | For use on images. Allows the user to click on the image to make it larger. (Note that this will not work in the kramdown preview.)

You can also use your own styles:

    Style It!
    {:style="color: red;"}

The style attribute can be any valid CSS. This is particularly useful with
images:

    ![My Image](/attachments/my_image){:style="width: 100px;"}
    ![My Image](/attachments/my_tall_image){:style="height: 100px;"}
